Hello Freak bitches.
I'm trying to think of how to say it.
Don't beat around the bush.
I know.
I'm trying to think how to say it because there's these all these fucking
different avenues.
There's some people that um,
they will maybe consider themselves all right cause they just love fucking
trolling people.
Like how do I,
how do I trigger someone with some crazy outrageous thing,
right.
And it's like I get it.
Um,
but then there are people then that you can take it a whole different avenue
where it's like knowing that,
that,
that thing it is now white supremacy that pepe the frog.
It is.
And to the point where it fucking,
Hillary Clinton puts a thing on our website where she's like,
this is a white supremacist symbol.
That's insane.
What is the frog?
Remember pepe the frog get there.
Like it is 100% of white supremacy on her website.
Yes.
This was us because of the Donald Trump people were using that frog to troll
online.
Overextending looked like an idiot.
Okay.
But here's,
here's part of the problem when you're talking about people who troll online,
go back to when you were a young liberal and you thought that if I was doctor
and I was making $3 million here,
of course I should be giving 70% in taxes.
You don't have that.
So you're looking at the people who do and as part of you is like give it away
man.
You shouldn't.
You don't deserve it.
Give it away.
That same mentality exists with trolls.
They don't have anything going on.
They're fucking losers for the most part.
So what do they want to do?
They want to burn it all down.
They want the whole thing burned out.
Go Trump,
go try.
I won't.
The reason why they want to say go tropos cause they want this clearly maniacal
person to just throw a fucking monkey wrench into the gears and watch the whole
system explode.
That's half of what they're doing.
They don't have a vested interest in it.
They're not,
they're not successful.
They're not happy.
They're not doing well.
I think their roles,
if you're talking about all Trump supporters,
I think part of that is true.
I'm not talking about all anyway because I was talking about all Trump
supporters.
I'm talking about trolls.
Those people with the green frog fucking with the crazy hair on their Twitter
profile.
I mean there's a lot of them that if you go over their Twitter feed,
their online 13 hours a day shitting on people.
I mean that's,
that's it.
Some people do.
I've gone,
I looked to this,
a few people that I follow and I don't follow them either.
I just go to their pay to have them bookmarked and I'll go to their page like,
look at this crazy asshole.
What's he been up to today and what have they been up to?
Just troll and liberals just going crazy and shitting on that Jake tapper guy.
Boy,
that's fucking guy's Twitter feed is a mess.
Why?
Because he,
he fucking summon the ire of the trolls.
There's a lot of people out there that are disenfranchised and very upset and
unhappy and just can't wait to burn it down.
They just want to burn it all down.
They don't have any fucking stake in the game.
They want it to burn,
you know?
And then where,
where do we go from that?
You know,
people need love.
Okay,
so those people need to be too late.
It's too late.
They get shitty parents.
They live in a shitty neighborhood.
Their job sucks.
They probably have poor genetics.
They're fucked.
They got shit handled.
Life.
Kate Upton,
he was a handsome man.
He's,
he's a closet troll.
You don't even know.
Just Jamie is the opposite of control.
They're looking at Kate Upton and your beautiful tits and they're like,
fuck her.
Fuck everybody.
Burn it down.
Why can't I have this?
Oh Conor Mcgregor's got a limousine.
Light him on fire.
That's what they're doing.
They're mad,
they're not happy,
they're not successful,
and they get to talk.
That's a big part of what you have in a society where people were being
incredibly mean at every opportunity.
But people have the opportunity to troll people have like,
did you see like some of the shit that people wrote to Patton Oswald after his
wife died?
No,
I didn't see anything crazy stuff.
Vicious mean Evil Shit.
And why do they do that?
Because they want to burn it down to one.
I think it's part of it.
Part is going to be that they want to burn it down,
but I think it's just also,
there are a lot of people that don't have the concept of shit that we do online
having potentially horrible ramifications in the real world.
I think that slowly we're getting closer to that where it's all the fucking same
thing.
Um,
and if you do some crazy,
outlandish shit,
uh,
you should know that a ton of people might see it.
It's why it's one of my favorite things to screenshot and uh,
and,
and talk back to a few people that say stupid shit to me online just because
it's like,
you think that you're saying it in this like tiny room,
but the Internet's fucking everybody in a room.
Right?
You know,
everyone,
like what you say has ramifications.
Well not only that,
you shouldn't want to say it,
so you have to get to the root of the problem.
Like,
why would someone want to be so evil?
Why would someone want to hurt someone's feelings so badly that you're mocking
his?
I think there are a lot of people that just died.
So that's,
that's a fucking,
that's a horrible emotional example.
But when and why?
Right.
So what I would say separately from that,
if you're talking about trolling liberals or something like that,
um,
I think that there are people that,
and the,
the one that burned the whole thing down,
and then I think there are some people that literally they have the mindset that
it's just for laughs.
Right?
That's not him.
Yeah.
And so,
and so it's one of those things where,
I don't know,
I don't think there was,
people are inherently evil.
I think that,
um,
especially if you're talking about like a Patton Oswald thing that's incredibly
wrong and horrible.
Um,
but it's like,
Mike,
my question becomes like,
how do I,
how do I talk to that person?
Right?
How do I not,
uh,
how do you talk to who?
Patton Oswald,
the trolls,
the trolls.
When you got to go back in time to where the mother was raising them and take
them away from the mom and bring them to a happy person and give him love and
lots of hugs.
I think people,
as long as,
as long as you don't automatically call someone the villain,
I think that you can get some people,
not all of them because some people,
like you said,
they wanted like fucking throw a hand grenade,
call them the villain and when they're a troll,
when they're evil.
Is that what you mean?
Yes.
When they're maybe saying something they would see as evil things.
When I'm not talking about the patent Oswald situation because if you go after
someone grieving over their wife,
fucking horrible monster and hopefully you,
you do understand that that has a real world ramifications or not.
If you're just an egg,
you might be able to get away with it.
He just a little bit
egg fuck face 69 on Twitter and you do,
you can get away with it.
They'll ban your account,
whatever.
Ha Ha.
Yeah,
I got 'em.
I mean,
that's what you're doing and trying to get a reaction.
It's like you're playing a game.
You're right,
you're playing operation.
And when that tweezer hits the sides and cause like I saw it,
it happened.
It was a thing.
Yeah,
it was a thing.
Okay.